me being here with you it's like it's
kind of the biggest deal to my kids yeah
if I were to if I were to like jam a
song with you my I would become the
coolest dad jam with you
[Applause]
a snowman that's like that snowman is
like my highway to hell just so you know
okay let's do it that's it
violet Harper and Fifi violent Harper
and Fifi this is for you
[Music]
do you wanna build a snowman come on
let's go and play I never see you
anymore come out the door it's like
you've gone over
we used to be best buddies and now we're
not I wish you would tell me why do you
wanna build a snowman it doesn't have to
be a snowman
okay bye
[Applause]
Oh
[Music]
little one
tuck you in give you free from
[Music]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you like that
click the subscribe button below and
good things will happen
forever